
## Contributions

After the process of adding Members and Sponsors to a Scheme, the next step is to upload members' contributions. Contributions can be uploaded to the system in two ways: as a single contribution for one member or multiple contributions for more than one member in a batch using a template.

<img  alt="Contributions" width="50%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image24.png">


## Contribution Journals

The 'Contribution Journal' form is used to capture contributions for members of the scheme. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Journals" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image25.png">


## Contribution Approval

The **'Contribution Approval'** window lists all the member contributions that have been received and need to be approved as a way of confirming their receipt. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Approval" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image26.png">


## New Batch Contribution

After downloading the contributions template and filling it with data. Click the **'New Batch Contribution'** link to open the window through which the template is uploaded back into the system. The following screenshot shows an example of a successful upload:

<img  alt="New Batch Contribution" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image27.png">


**Tip**

In the event of unagreeable data or tempered with template settings,  the system to reject the upload through an error alert message in the troubleshooting window.


## Contributions Debt Management

The configurations under this **'Contribution Debt Management'** menu are set to determine among other things the penalty formulae to use in case of rate contributions payments, the policy rates setting for processing penalties, and previous salaries are also configured. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Debt Management" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image28.png">


### Penalty Formulae

Click the **'Penalty Formulae'** link to open a penalty details dialog box through which a new penalty formula is set as shown in the screenshot below:

<img  alt="Penalty Formulae" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image29.png">


### Policy Rates

Click the **'Policy Rates'** link to open rates details dialog box through which a new rate is configured as shown in the screenshot below:

<img  alt="Policy Rates" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image30.png">


### Previous Salaries

The **'Previous Salaries'** window displays the records of all salaries that were paid previously. From this window the records can be imported into the system using a template. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Previous Salaries" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image31.png">


### Process Penalties 

The **'Process Penalties'** window displays the records of all contribution penalties given for late contributions and other reasons. From the **'Operations'** dropdown menu, a penalty record can be emailed to a member among other actions. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Process Penalties" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image32.png">


## Batch Contributions Register

After batch contributions are successfully uploaded into the system, they are collectively saved in a register where all the member's batch contributions are tabulated based on the different sponsors in the scheme. To open this register, click the **'Batch Contributions Register'** link to batch records as shown below:

<img  alt="Batch Contributions Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image33.png">


**Action**

-   Click **label 1** button to view a list of options that are appliable on a selected batch record or create a new batch.

-   Click **label 2** button to view a list of batch related reports that can be accessed for print.

-   Click **label 3** and pick a date range to filter batch records from the list.

-   Click **label 4** to select either to filter records based on those posted or not posted yet.

-   Click **label 5** to select the posting mode such as 'normal mode' to filter records by.

-   Click **label 6** and type a key word upon which records can be filtered.

-   Click **label 7** and from the dropdown menu check the **'Show Details'** button to load a new section showing more details of a selected batch record from the list.


Clicking the **'Show Details'** checklist will open a new section on the lower part of the window showing extra information concerning the selected batch. The information is organized in tabs.


### Batch Details

To view the details of a selected batch record, click on the **'Batch Details'** tab as shown below:

<img  alt="Batch Details" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image34.png">


### Batch Contribution

To view batch contributions distribution to member's accounts, click the **'Batch Contributions'** tab as shown below:

<img  alt="Batch Contributions" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image35.png">



## Historical Contribution Register

The **'Historical Contributions Register'** shows all the historical data uploaded in the system in the form of batches. From this window, new batches of historical contributions can be uploaded and certified. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Historical Contributions Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image36.png">



## Load Historical Contribution Arrears

Clicking the **'Load Historical Contribution Arrears'** side menu will load a form through which the contribution arrears are loaded into the system. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Load Historical Contributions Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image37.png">



## Transferred in Claims

Click the **'Transferred in Claims'** link to open a grid table listing all the claims transferred within a scheme. Besides searching for a claim record using keywords or member number, a selected claim can be **Certified,** **Posted,** or **Canceled** among other actions as shown below:

<img  alt="Transferred in Claims" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image38.png">


## Contribution Receivables/Receipts

The links under this category give access to windows where the Contributions Billing, Receivables Register, and Receipts Register configurations are set. Click on the drop-down submenu links enclosed below to load the respective windows and set configurations appropriately:

<img  alt="Contribution Receivables/Receipts" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image39.png">


## Contribution Billing

The **'Contribution Billing'** window lists all the bills generated in
the system to date. Through the window, a new contribution bill can be
generated and converted to contribution schedule among other operations.
See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Billing" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image40.png">


### Generating a Bill

To generate a scheme contributions bill, click the **'Generate
Contributions Bills'** link to open a billing details window where a new
bill detail is captured. After Updating member salaries by clicking the
**'Update Member Salaries'** button, click the **'Run Contributions
Billing'** button to create a new bill. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Generating a Bill" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image41.png">


A successful running of contribution billing will be confirmed by a
window showing all employer and their members with the total
contribution expected as shown below:

<img  alt="Generating a Bill" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image42.png">

### Validating Bill

### Download generated bill

After generating a bill, click the **'Download'** link and from the
dropdown menu click **'Generated Bill'** to download the bill as shown
below:

<img  alt="Generated Bill" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image43.png">


### Uploading Validating Bill

After making the necessary updates to the bill if any, the downloaded
bill is uploaded back into the system for validation. See the screenshot
below on how to import the bill:

<img  alt="Uploading Validating Bill" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image44.png">


Clicking the **'Import Bill Validation'** link will load the importation
window. Click **'Browse'** to locate the bill file then click on the
**'Upload'** button. This will populate the window with records as shown
below:

<img  alt="Import Bill Validation" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image45.png">


### Contribution Schedule 

After a bill is validated, it can then be converted into a contribution
schedule ready for sending to employer for payment. A converted bill
will be labelled as **'Completed'** under the Bill Status column. See
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Schedule " width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image46.png">


### Cashbook Register

The **'Cashbook Register'** lists all the cash books created and used in
a scheme. From the **'Cashbook Operations'** menu a new cashbook can be
created and the details of a selected cashbook from the list viewed. See
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Cashbook Operations" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image47.png">


### Receivables Register

Click the **'Receivables Register'** link to load a grid table listing
all the received contributions as shown below:

<img  alt="Receivables Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image48.png">


Click the **'New'** button open a dialogue box through which a new
contribution can be added as shown below:

<img  alt="New Receivable" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image49.png">


### Receipts Register

The **'Receipts Register'** window displays a table listing all the
receipted contributions as shown below:

<img  alt="Receipts Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image50.png">


Click the **'Operations'** menu and from the dropdown menu, select to
generate an invoice for a selected receipt, post Non-Cash Book Receipts
among other operations as shown above.


## AVC Applications

The **'AVC Application'** window displays all the **Additional Voluntary
Contribution (AVC)** applications that have been made by scheme members
in addition to **Mandatory Contributions**. From this window the
requested can be approved or declined. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="AVC Applications" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image51.png">


## Direct Debits

The **'Direct Debits'** window displays all direct debits authorized by
the sponsors in a scheme. The transactions can be approved, reversed, or
posted to a scheme's accounts:

<img  alt="Direct Debits" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image52.png">

