## Members

All the link options under the **'Members'** menu open to different
windows where the respective configuration related to member management
are done. See screenshot below:
<img  alt="Members" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image2.png">


### Sponsor (Employer) Register

The **'Sponsor Register'** lists all the employers in a scheme. From
this window specific actions can be carried out regarding a selected
employer from the list. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Sponsor Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image3.png">


**Action**

-   Click **label 1** button to open a window where all members in a
    selected sponsor are listed.

-   Click **label 2** menu to open a drop-down list to either port a
    sponsor or initiate a sponsor movement.

-   Click **label 3** menu to open a drop-down list to either view
    sponsors balances among other actions.

-   Click **label 4** textboxes and type a sponsor name or reference
    number to filter sponsor records.

-   Click **label 5** button to download the MS Excel template to user
    for updating members details.

-   Click **label 6** button to initiate the process of exporting
    members for updates

-   Click **label 7** button to access extra links such as a link to
    view members' contribution balance history and various reports.

**Tip**

More columns can be shown on the grid table by Click the header cell of
any column and adding new data fields.


### Members Register

The **'Members Register'** lists all the members under an employer in a
scheme. From this window specific actions can be carried out regarding a
selected member from the list.

Clicking the **'View Member'** button (see previous screenshot) will
open a members register window displaying the members under a selected
sponsor as shown below:

<img  alt="Member Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image4.png">


**Action**

-   Click **label 1** menu to open a drop-down list of options related
    to members operations such as adding a new member.

-   Click **label 2** and type member number or key words to search for
    records quickly.

-   Click **label 3** button to filter records as set.

-   Click **label 4** menu to open a drop-down list of other options
    related to selected member.


### Member Operations

The **'Member Operations'** menu provides links to open windows for
various actions related to members. These actions include tasks like
adding a new member, importing members using templates among others. See
the screenshot below:

<img  alt="Member Operations" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image5.png">


### Member Onboarding Processes

### Single Member Onboarding Method

To register a single member in a scheme, a member details form is used
to capture member's data for the registration process. To begin the
process, click the '**New Member'** link to open a dialog box through
which a member's basic details are captured as shown below:

<img  alt="creating a new member" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image6.png">


**Tip**

-   Remember to go to the member approval window to approve a newly
    created member. This is demonstrated in a later section.


### Batch Member Onboarding Method 

This method enables massive registration of members at a go. Members are
compiled in a template file and then uploaded to the system. To begin,
download the members template. There are two ways of accessing the
download links as shown below:

1.  Download the template from the **'Sponsors Registers'** window as
    shown below:

<img  alt="Sponsors Registers" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image7.png">


2.  Download the template from the **'Members Register'** window as
    shown below:

<img  alt="member template" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image8.png">


Below is a sample template used to import and upload members:

<img  alt="sample template" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image9.png">


**Tip**

To upload members efficiently, restrict the number of members on the
file to a figure below 65, 500.


### Members Import Process

To import members in batch, after preparing the template, click the
**Members** link to open the **Members Import** window through which the
template is loaded from a user's storage device to the system as shown
below:

<img  alt="Members Import Process" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image10.png">

**Action**

-   Click **label 1** button to provide a link for fetching the template
    file from another device.

-   Click **label 2** button to check for exceptions (possible errors)
    before proceeding.

-   Click **label 3** button to save the uploaded list of members from
    the batch file.


### Members Left Side Menu

Clicking the **'Hamburger'** icon on the right side of the members
register window will open a dropdown menu with more options of the
actions that relate to members. These actions include claim movements,
reports among others. See the screenshot below:

<img  alt="Hamburger" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image11.png">


### Members Extra Details

Clicking the **'Show Details'** checkbox, as shown in the previous
screenshot, will open a section on the lower side of the members
register window, displaying details of a selected member from the
register. The section is arranged in tabs, such as the Contributions
tab, Closing Balances tab, etc., as shown below:

<img  alt="Members Extra Details" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image12.png">


### Member Biodata

The **'Members Bio Data'** window displays the records of members
personal information. Records can be filtered by members name and an
extract of the members report generated a shown below:

<img  alt="Members Bio Data" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image13.png">


### Member Batch Register

The **'Members Batch Register'** holds the details of the members
who have been uploaded via a template. See the members batch register
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Members Batch Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image14.png">


**Action**

-   Click **label 1** menu to select the option of importing member in
    batch or canceling a batch.

-   Click **label 2** button and from the drop-down menu click to
    certify, authorize, and approve a selected batch from the list.

-   Click **label 3** button to view all the details of a selected
    individual member in the batch.


Clicking the **'Show Details'** button will open a section of extra
details of a selected member as shown below:

<img  alt="Show Details" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image15.png">


**Action**

-   Click **label 1** to see a list of all the members whose membership
    has been revoked from the batch being proceeded.

-   Click **label 2** button to view all the details of a selected
    individual member in the batch.

-   Click **label 3** button to revoke the membership of a selected
    member in the batch.

-   Click **label 4** button and from the drop-down menu then click to
    certify, authorize, and approve selected members from the batch.

Clicking the **'Cancelled Members in Batch'** button will show a section
listing all members whose membership has been revoked. To retore
membership, select individuals from the grid table and click the
**'Restore Membership'** button as shown below:

<img  alt="Restore Membership" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image16.png">


### Member Documents Checklist

The '**Member Document Checklist'** is a list of all the documents that
are needed for the successful registration of a member into a scheme.
These documents are enlisted in the system as shown below:

<img  alt="Member Document Checklist" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image17.png">


### Dependant Management

<img  alt="Dependant Management" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image18.png">


The **'Dependant Management'** menu, shown in the screenshot above, is
not applicable to NASSIT dependants operations. To add dependants,
select a particular member from the register, launch the **'show
Details'** section to add beneficiaries from the 'Dependents/Next of kin
tab as shown below:

<img  alt="Dependents/Next of kin" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image19.png">


### Benefits Log Checklist

The '**Benefits Log Checklist'** window lists all the documents already
defined for a claim of benefits. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Benefits Log Checklist" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image20.png">


**Action**

-   Click **label 1** button to add a new benefits log.

-   Click **label 2** button to view the details of a selected record.

-   Click **label 3** button to delete a selected log from the list.

-   Click **label 4** button to view a printable copy of the checklist.

-   Click **label 5** button to view the details of a selected record
    from the list.


### Accountant General Payroll

The **'Accounts General Payroll'** window contains the list of the
members who worked before the year 2000. There service behold 2000 is
factored in claim processing. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Accounts General Payroll" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image21.png">


**Action**

-   Click **label 1** button to initiate the process of uploading
    payrolls in batch.

-   Click **label 2** menu and from the dropdown list click the
    appropriate option for certification of the selected payroll
    records. There are also options for certification of all the
    payrolls listed.

-   Click **label 3** button to delete a selected payroll record from
    the list.

-   Click **label 4** text box and type key words to filter payroll
    records quickly.


### General Member Approvals

The '**General member Approval'** window displays the members whose
details have been updated and need to be certified and approved before
they can be moved to the member register. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="General member Approval" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image22.png">


### Take Notes

This tool aids the system users to take some notes and save them. To see
the notes already written and capture new notes.

Click the **'Take Notes'** link to open the Notes window. From this
window locate and then click the **'New'** button to load a new dialog
box and type new notes as shown below:

<img  alt="Take Notes" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image23.png">


## Contributions

After the process of adding Members and Sponsors to a Scheme, the next
step is to upload members' contributions. Contributions can be uploaded
to the system in two ways: as a single contribution for one member or
multiple contributions for more than one member in a batch using a
template.

<img  alt="Contributions" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image24.png">


### Contribution Journals

The 'Contribution Journal' form is used to capture contributions for
members of the scheme. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Journals" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image25.png">


### Contribution Approval

The **'Contribution Approval'** window lists all the member
contributions that have been received and need to be approved as a way
of confirming their receipt. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Approval" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image26.png">


### New Batch Contribution

After downloading the contributions template and filling it with data.
Click the **'New Batch Contribution'** link to open the window through
which the template is uploaded back into the system. The following
screenshot shows an example of a successful upload:

<img  alt="New Batch Contribution" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image27.png">


**Tip**

In the event of unagreeable data or tempered with template settings, the
system to reject the upload through an error alert message in the
troubleshooting window.


### Contributions Debt Management

The configurations under this **'Contribution Debt Management'** menu
are set to determine among other things the penalty formulae to use in
case of rate contributions payments, the policy rates setting for
processing penalties, and previous salaries are also configured. See
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Debt Management" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image28.png">


### Penalty Formulae

Click the **'Penalty Formulae'** link to open a penalty details dialog
box through which a new penalty formula is set as shown in the
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Penalty Formulae" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image29.png">


### Policy Rates

Click the **'Policy Rates'** link to open rates details dialog box
through which a new rate is configured as shown in the screenshot below:

<img  alt="Policy Rates" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image30.png">


### Previous Salaries

The **'Previous Salaries'** window displays the records of all salaries
that were paid previously. From this window the records can be imported
into the system using a template. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Previous Salaries" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image31.png">


### Process Penalties 

The **'Process Penalties'** window displays the records of all
contribution penalties given for late contributions and other reasons.
From the **'Operations'** dropdown menu, a penalty record can be emailed
to a member among other actions. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Process Penalties" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image32.png">


### Batch Contributions Register

After batch contributions are successfully uploaded into the system,
they are collectively saved in a register where all the member's batch
contributions are tabulated based on the different sponsors in the
scheme. To open this register, click the **'Batch Contributions Register'** link to batch records as shown below:

<img  alt="Batch Contributions Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image33.png">


**Action**

-   Click **label 1** button to view a list of options that are
    appliable on a selected batch record or create a new batch.

-   Click **label 2** button to view a list of batch related reports
    that can be accessed for print.

-   Click **label 3** and pick a date range to filter batch records from
    the list.

-   Click **label 4** to select either to filter records based on those
    posted or not posted yet.

-   Click **label 5** to select the posting mode such as 'normal mode'
    to filter records by.

-   Click **label 6** and type a key word upon which records can be
    filtered.

-   Click **label 7** and from the dropdown menu check the 'Show
    Details' button to load a new section showing more details of a
    selected batch record from the list.


Clicking the **'Show Details'** checklist will open a new section on the
lower part of the window showing extra information concerning the
selected batch. The information is organized in tabs.

### Batch Details

To view the details of a selected batch record, click on the **'Batch
Details'** tab as shown below:

<img  alt="Batch Details" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image34.png">


### Batch Contribution

To view batch contributions distribution to member's accounts, click the
**'Batch Contributions'** tab as shown below:

<img  alt="Batch Contributions" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image35.png">


### Historical Contribution Register

The **'Historical Contributions Register'** shows all the historical
data uploaded in the system in the form of batches. From this window,
new batches of historical contributions can be uploaded and certified.
See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Historical Contributions Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image36.png">


### Load Historical Contribution Arrears

Clicking the **'Load Historical Contribution Arrears'** side menu will
load a form through which the contribution arrears are loaded into the
system. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Load Historical Contributions Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image37.png">


### Transferred in Claims

Click the **'Transferred in Claims'** link to open a grid table listing
all the claims transferred within a scheme. Besides searching for a
claim record using keywords or member number, a selected claim can be
**Certified,** **Posted,** or **Canceled** among other actions as shown
below:

<img  alt="Transferred in Claims" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image38.png">


### Contribution Receivables/Receipts

The links under this category give access to windows where the
Contributions Billing, Receivables Register, and Receipts Register
configurations are set. Click on the drop-down submenu links enclosed
below to load the respective windows and set configurations
appropriately:

<img  alt="Contribution Receivables/Receipts" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image39.png">


### Contribution Billing

The **'Contribution Billing'** window lists all the bills generated in
the system to date. Through the window, a new contribution bill can be
generated and converted to contribution schedule among other operations.
See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Billing" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image40.png">


### Generating a Bill

To generate a scheme contributions bill, click the **'Generate
Contributions Bills'** link to open a billing details window where a new
bill detail is captured. After Updating member salaries by clicking the
**'Update Member Salaries'** button, click the **'Run Contributions
Billing'** button to create a new bill. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="Generating a Bill" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image41.png">


A successful running of contribution billing will be confirmed by a
window showing all employer and their members with the total
contribution expected as shown below:

<img  alt="Generating a Bill" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image42.png">

### Validating Bill

### Download generated bill

After generating a bill, click the **'Download'** link and from the
dropdown menu click **'Generated Bill'** to download the bill as shown
below:

<img  alt="Generated Bill" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image43.png">


### Uploading Validating Bill

After making the necessary updates to the bill if any, the downloaded
bill is uploaded back into the system for validation. See the screenshot
below on how to import the bill:

<img  alt="Uploading Validating Bill" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image44.png">


Clicking the **'Import Bill Validation'** link will load the importation
window. Click **'Browse'** to locate the bill file then click on the
**'Upload'** button. This will populate the window with records as shown
below:

<img  alt="Import Bill Validation" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image45.png">


### Contribution Schedule 

After a bill is validated, it can then be converted into a contribution
schedule ready for sending to employer for payment. A converted bill
will be labelled as **'Completed'** under the Bill Status column. See
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Contribution Schedule " width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image46.png">


### Cashbook Register

The **'Cashbook Register'** lists all the cash books created and used in
a scheme. From the **'Cashbook Operations'** menu a new cashbook can be
created and the details of a selected cashbook from the list viewed. See
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Cashbook Operations" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image47.png">


### Receivables Register

Click the **'Receivables Register'** link to load a grid table listing
all the received contributions as shown below:

<img  alt="Receivables Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image48.png">


Click the **'New'** button open a dialogue box through which a new
contribution can be added as shown below:

<img  alt="New Receivable" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image49.png">


### Receipts Register

The **'Receipts Register'** window displays a table listing all the
receipted contributions as shown below:

<img  alt="Receipts Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image50.png">


Click the **'Operations'** menu and from the dropdown menu, select to
generate an invoice for a selected receipt, post Non-Cash Book Receipts
among other operations as shown above.


### AVC Applications

The **'AVC Application'** window displays all the **Additional Voluntary
Contribution (AVC)** applications that have been made by scheme members
in addition to **Mandatory Contributions**. From this window the
requested can be approved or declined. See screenshot below:

<img  alt="AVC Applications" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image51.png">


### Direct Debits

The **'Direct Debits'** window displays all direct debits authorized by
the sponsors in a scheme. The transactions can be approved, reversed, or
posted to a scheme's accounts:

<img  alt="Direct Debits" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image52.png">


## Claim Activities

The activities under this menu are related to claim processing. To start
an activity, click the appropriate link from the enclosed drop-down menu
to open the respective window as shown in the screenshot below:

<img  alt="Claim Activities" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image53.png">


### Movement Processing

The **'Movement Processing'** window lists all the claims that have been
initiated from the members register. From this window, benefits for
claim record are calculated and transactions are certified. See
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Movement Processing" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image54.png">


### Benefits Recalculation

The **'Benefits Recalculation'** window lists all the benefits
transactions that have undergone recalculation. The transactions listed
here are also subject to the certification process. See screenshot
below:

<img  alt="Receipts Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image55.png">


### Claim Payments

After benefits calculations and processing, all claim records for
different members under different exit categories are listed in the
**'Claim Payments'** window awaiting disbursement of money. See
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Claim Payments" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image56.png">


**Action**

-   Locate the **'Process Payments'** menu and from the drop-down menu
    select '**Send Claims (selected) for Payment'** or select
    '**Unprocessed Claim (selected) From Accounts'** among other
    actions in the list.

-   From the '**Certification'** drop-down menu**,** click **'Certify'**
    and **'Authorize'** the payment of record selected.

-   Click the '**Registers'** menu and from the drop-down, access
    windows where all effected payments are listed.

-   Click the **'Print'** menu and from the drop-down menu select the
    type of report to view.

-   click the **'More Options'** menu and from the drop-down menu,
    select an action to execute.


### Registers

The **'Registers'** menu provides access to finance registers and claim
payments postings as shown below:

<img  alt="Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image57.png">


### Payments

After claim processing and payment of benefits to members, all the
payment transactions are saved in a **'Finance Register'**. To check
records of payments, from the **'Registers'** drop-down menu, select
**'Payments'** from the Finance Registers submenu, as shown in the
previous screenshot, to open the Payments window.

Click the '**Payment Processing'** drop-down menu to allow a selected
payment from the list to be **'Certified'** and **'Posted to the
ledger**, **Unposted'** or '**Rejected'** among other actions as shown
in the following screenshot:

<img  alt="Payment Processing" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image58.png">


### Print

The **'Print'** menu provides access to different types of reports
related to benefits payments as shown below:

<img  alt="Print" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image59.png">


### More Options

The **'More Options'** menu provides access to edit and update actions
as shown below:

<img  alt="More Options" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image60.png">


### Discharge Forms

**'Discharge Forms'** are configured to document members' exit details
from a scheme after claiming his/her benefits.

To access the list of claim forms in a scheme, click the **'Discharge
Forms'** link to open a window where all exited members' forms are
listed in a grid table. Click the **'Print'** button on the upper right
side to allow you to view various '**Exit Declaration Forms'** and
**'Payment Confirmation Letters'** for selected members form on the list
as shown below:

<img  alt="Payment Confirmation Letters" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image61.png">


### Initiating Claim Movement

To initiate a claim for a member, navigate to the **'Members Register'**
and select the Member record from the list. Click the **Movements** tab
to access the **Initiate Movement/Claim** tab as shown in the following
sample screenshot:

<img  alt="Initiate Movement/Claim" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image62.png">


### Processing a Claim

To initiate a claim whose **'Reason for Exit'** is ill health, Click the
**'Initiate Movement/Claim'** link to load an exit form (see the
following screenshot) where configurations for processing the claims are
set.

Fill out the form with the required details and then click the
**'Confirm Exit Documents Checklist'** button (as shown in the next
screenshot but one) to receive and confirm receipt of relevant documents
from the member. After confirming receipt of documents, click the
**'Save'** button to proceed with the claim process as shown below:

<img  alt="Confirm Exit Documents Checklist" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image63.png">


Click the **'Confirm Exit Documents Checklist'** button, as shown in the
previously, to open the **'Benefits Log Checklist Confirmation'**
window**.** Select a document from the list and double-click to confirm
receipt of the document. Otherwise, click the **'Receive Document'**
button to upload the document as shown below:

<img  alt="Receive Document" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image64.png">


A successful configuration of the exit form and confirmation of receipt
of relevant claim documents is noted on the status column where a
member's status is changed from **'Active'** to **'On Notice of Exit'**
as shown in the following screenshot:

<img  alt="On Notice of Exit" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image65.png">


After a successful initialization of a claim, the claim record is pushed
to the **'Movements processing'** window. Click the '**Movement Processing'** link to open the Movement Processing window. See
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Receipts Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image66.png">


Clicking the **'Movement Processing'** menu will open the movement
processing window where all the initiated claims are listed awaiting
verification and benefits calculation as shown below:

<img  alt="Movement Processing" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image67.png">


Click the **'Show Benefits Calculation'** tab from the **'Benefits
Calculation'** drop-down menu to load the **'Benefits Calculation'**
form. This shows the member's benefits tabulations as shown in the
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Benefits Calculation" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image68.png">


Next, click the **'Proceed Now'** button to process the payment and save
the records **'Awaiting Certification'** towards the disbursement of
money from the scheme accounts. See the screenshot below:

<img  alt="Proceed Now" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image69.png">


After the **'Certification'** is done, the record status in the movement
processing window will turn from **'Awaiting Certification'** to
**'Calculation done'** as shown in the screenshot below:

<img  alt="Awaiting Certification" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image70.png">


## Reserve Funds

FundMaster maintains records of balances (overpayments and
underpayments) in different transactions. See relevant Reserve Fund
links in the enclosed drop-down menu below:

<img  alt="Reserve Funds" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image71.png">


### Transactions Register

Click the **'Transactions Register'** link to open the Transactions
Register where different transaction balances are listed. The
transactions are normally recorded as **Inflows**, which denotes
overpayments. These inflows can later be used to settle deficits, say
later underpayments from the same sponsor account.

The movement of money from the Fund accounts to bridge the deficit is
treated as an **Outflow**. The screenshot below shows a sample of a
Reserve Funds Transactions Register in FundMaster:

<img  alt="Transactions Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image72.png">


## Fund Accounts

From the **'Fund Accounts'** menu, the **'Financial Periods Register'**
is accessed enabling the creation of the different financial periods.
This allows different activities related to the fiscal financial
transactions.

<img  alt="Financial Periods Register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image73.png">


### Financial Periods Register

Click the **'Financial Periods Register'** link to open the Financial
Periods Register window where all financial periods in a scheme are
listed. You can also create periods by Click the '**Create Periods'**
drop-down menu as shown below:

<img  alt="Create Periods" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/membersmedia/image74.png">