
### Statutory

The **'Statutory'** configurations are tax rates that affect the
retirement benefits processes as defined by a regime's commissioner of
tax. The screenshot below shows a drop-down menu with links through
which different setups are done:

<img  alt="Statutory" width="60%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image106.png">  


## Continents

Click the **'Continents'** link to open the continents window, then
click the **'New Continent'** button to add a continent as shown below:

<img  alt="Continents" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image107.png">  


## Continent Regions

Click the **'Continent Regions'** link to open the continents regions
window, then click the **'New Continent Region'** button to add a region
as shown below:

<img  alt="Continent Region" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image108.png">  


## Administrative Levels

Click the **'Administrative Levels'** link to open the administrative
levels window to view different administrative level records as shown
below:

<img  alt="Administrative Levels" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image109.png">  


Click the **'Add Single Administrative Level'** button to add an
administrative level shown below:

<img  alt="Add Single Administrative Level" width="80%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image110.png">  


## Economic Activities

Click the **'Economic Activities'** link to open the economic activities
window to view different economic activities as captured in the system.
see screenshot below:

<img  alt="Economic Activities" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image111.png">  


Click **'New Economic Activity'** button to open a dialog box and
capture a new economic activity as shown below:

<img  alt="New Economic Activity" width="80%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image112.png">  


## Administrative Offices

Click the '**Administrative Offices'** link to open the offices window
to view different office records as shown below:

<img  alt="Administrative Offices" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image113.png">  


Click '**New Office'** button to open a dialog box and capture the
details of a new office as shown below:

<img  alt="New Office" width="80%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image114.png">  


## Tax Regimes

Click the **'Tax Regimes (Counties)'** link to open the tax regimes
window, then click the '**New Regime'** button to add a new regime as
shown below:

<img  alt="Tax Regimes (Counties)'" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image115.png">  


## Currencies 

Click the **'Currencies'** link to open the currencies window, then
click the **'Add Currency'** button to add a new currency as shown
below:

<img  alt="Currencies" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image116.png">  


## Exchange Rates

Click the **'Exchange Rates'** link to open the Exchange Rates window,
then click the **'New Exchange Rate'** button to add a new exchange rate
configuration as shown below:

<img  alt="Exchange Rates" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image117.png">  


## Income Tax Rate

Click the **'Income Tax Rates'** link to open the Income Tax Rates
window, then click the **'New Tax Rate'** button to define a new tax
rate as shown below:

<img  alt="Income Tax Rates" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image118.png">  


## Benefits Tax Rates

Click the '**Benefits Tax Rates'** link to open the tax rates window,
then click the '**New Tax Header'** button and the '**New Tax Band'**
button to configure the tax header and band respectively as shown in the
following screenshot:

<img  alt="Benefits Tax Rates" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image119.png">  


**Tip**

The tax header's conditions and the tax headers are dictated by the
commissioner of taxes in each regime.


## Pension Tax Rates

The **'Pension Tax Rates'** set of configurations defines the pension
tax free amount and personal relief amount. Selecting a new tax band to
open a dialog box at the lower side of the window to aid in adding the
pension tax bands as shown below:

<img  alt="Pension Tax Rates" width="97%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../.vuepress/public/schemesetup/image120.png">  